Set the version of an addon with a numeric version that has no prefix or suffix (#3646)
weaveworks/eksctl: userdocs/src/usage/addons.md

eksctl get addons --cluster <cluster-name>
```

## Setting the addon's version

> Setting the version of the addon is optional. If it is not set, `eks` will set the default version for this addon. Note that this might not necessarily be the latest version available. 

Reviewer: > `eks` will set the default version

eks or eksctl?

Author: eks! I'll rephrase this so that it's clearer :)

Reviewer: 👍  cool, was not sure. have not looked at the addon stuff before :)

> The addon version can be set to `latest`. Alternatively, the version can be set with the EKS built specified, such as `v1.7.5-eksbuild.1` or `v1.7.5-eksbuild.2`. It can also be set to the release version of the addon, such as `v1.7.5` or `1.7.5`, and the `eksbuild` will be discovered and set for you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The addon version can be set to `latest`. Alternatively, the version can be set with the EKS build tag specified, such as `v1.7.5-eksbuild.1` or `v1.7.5-eksbuild.2`. It can also be set to the release version of the addon, such as `v1.7.5` or `1.7.5`, and the `eksbuild` suffix tag will be discovered and set for you.
```
